Questions for Mr. Rogers (Admin/Administrator):

User Management:

Would you like the option to create accounts manually for other users?

Would you like to be able to perform a password reset for the users?

Bake Sale Scheduling:

What is the maximum time span you would like to be able to schedule bake sales in advance?

Are you getting reminders for bake sales before they happen?

Transaction Records:

Would you like to see a record of payments per each seller?

Would you like to access financial reports pertaining to the bake sales?

System Interface:

Would you like to have an intuitive, uncomplicated interface for easier management of everything?

Does the system need to have any other features like increased text size for better accessibility?

Integration with Senior Center Website:

Aside from posting ads, do you require any additional features for integration with Senior Center's website?

Questions for Ms. Smith (Bake Sale Manager):

Table Management:

In what ways do you wish the assignment of tables to sellers to be managed. Is it first-come, first-served?

Do you want to see the tables as being available or occupied?

Seller Registration & Payment:

How do you want to keep track of payments? Make it so that sellers mark themselves as paid or would you prefer them to do it manually?

Should sellers be allowed to change their registration details or cancel their registration altogether?

Item Management:

Do you wish for sellers to be able to put their prices on the items in the system?

Are sellers required to upload images of the items they are selling?

Promotion:

Do you wish to create targeted promotions automatically on the basis of sellers information.

Ought there be any self-propagation for bake sales like email or social media marketing?

Accessibility Features:

Apart from major font sizes, can you suggest other facilities to aid you?

General System Questions (for Mr. Rogers and Ms. Smith):

Notifications:

Ought users to have reminders for registration, payments, and bake sales?

Security:

Would you prefer additional security, such as passwords for sensitive areas or data encryption?

Feedback:

Are clients and sellers permitted to place comments for or against the bake sales?